[clang][Lex] Don't parsing header name as a string literal (#201763)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

- Fixed a crash when ``#embed`` is used with C++ modules (#GH195350)
- Fixed an issue where ``__typeof_unqual`` and ``__typeof_unqual__`` were rejected as a declaration specifier in block scope in C++.
- Fixed crash when checking for overflow for unary operator that can't overflow (#GH170072)

> - Clang now don't handling `" q-char-sequence "` header name as a string literal (#GH132643).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clang no longer handles a `" q-char-sequence "` header name as a string literal (#GH132643).
```

Author: Fixed
